docs: add docs for schema auto-discovery (#14065)
apache/druid: docs/configuration/index.md

|`druid.indexer.task.hadoopWorkingPath`|Temporary working directory for Hadoop tasks.|`/tmp/druid-indexing`|
|`druid.indexer.task.restoreTasksOnRestart`|If true, MiddleManagers will attempt to stop tasks gracefully on shutdown and restore them on restart.|false|
|`druid.indexer.task.ignoreTimestampSpecForDruidInputSource`|If true, tasks using the [Druid input source](../ingestion/native-batch-input-source.md) will ignore the provided timestampSpec, and will use the `__time` column of the input datasource. This option is provided for compatibility with ingestion specs written before Druid 0.22.0.|false|

> |`druid.indexer.task.storeEmptyColumns`|Boolean value for whether or not to store empty columns during ingestion. When set to true, Druid stores every column specified in the [`dimensionsSpec`](../ingestion/ingestion-spec.md#dimensionsspec). If you use the string-based schemaless ingestion and don't specify any dimensions to ingest, you must also set [`includeAllDimensions`](../ingestion/ingestion-spec.md#dimensionsspec) for Druid to store empty columns.<br/><br/>If you set `storeEmptyColumns` to false, Druid SQL queries referencing empty columns will fail. If you intend to leave `storeEmptyColumns` disabled, you should either ingest dummy data for empty columns or else not query on empty columns.<br/><br/>This configuration can be overwritten by setting `storeEmptyColumns` in the [task context](../ingestion/tasks.md#context-parameters).|true|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`druid.indexer.task.storeEmptyColumns`|Boolean value for whether or not to store empty columns during ingestion. When set to true, Druid stores every column specified in the [`dimensionsSpec`](../ingestion/ingestion-spec.md#dimensionsspec). If you use the string-based schemaless ingestion and don't specify any dimensions to ingest, you must also set [`includeAllDimensions`](../ingestion/ingestion-spec.md#dimensionsspec) for Druid to store empty columns.<br/><br/>If you set `storeEmptyColumns` to false, Druid SQL queries referencing empty columns will fail. If you intend to leave `storeEmptyColumns` disabled, you should either ingest dummy data for empty columns or else not query on empty columns.<br/><br/>You can overwrite this configuration  by setting `storeEmptyColumns` in the [task context](../ingestion/tasks.md#context-parameters).|true|
```

Author: @ektravel Can you update your suggestion to replace "dummy," then I can commit it.

> |`druid.indexer.task.storeEmptyColumns`|Boolean value for whether or not to store empty columns during ingestion. When set to true, Druid stores every column specified in the [`dimensionsSpec`](../ingestion/ingestion-spec.md#dimensionsspec). If you use the string-based schemaless ingestion and don't specify any dimensions to ingest, you must also set [`includeAllDimensions`](../ingestion/ingestion-spec.md#dimensionsspec) for Druid to store empty columns.<br/><br/>If you set `storeEmptyColumns` to false, Druid SQL queries referencing empty columns will fail. If you intend to leave `storeEmptyColumns` disabled, you should either ingest dummy data for empty columns or else not query on empty columns.<br/><br/>This configuration can be overwritten by setting `storeEmptyColumns` in the [task context](../ingestion/tasks.md#context-parameters).|true|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`druid.indexer.task.storeEmptyColumns`|Boolean value for whether or not to store empty columns during ingestion. When set to true, Druid stores every column specified in the [`dimensionsSpec`](../ingestion/ingestion-spec.md#dimensionsspec). If you use the string-based schemaless ingestion and don't specify any dimensions to ingest, you must also set [`includeAllDimensions`](../ingestion/ingestion-spec.md#dimensionsspec) for Druid to store empty columns.<br/><br/>If you set `storeEmptyColumns` to false, Druid SQL queries referencing empty columns will fail. If you intend to leave `storeEmptyColumns` disabled, you should either ingest dummy data for empty columns or else not query on empty columns.<br/><br/>You can overwrite this configuration  by setting `storeEmptyColumns` in the [task context](../ingestion/tasks.md#context-parameters).|true|
```

|`druid.indexer.task.hadoopWorkingPath`|Temporary working directory for Hadoop tasks.|`/tmp/druid-indexing`|
|`druid.indexer.task.restoreTasksOnRestart`|If true, the Indexer will attempt to stop tasks gracefully on shutdown and restore them on restart.|false|
|`druid.indexer.task.ignoreTimestampSpecForDruidInputSource`|If true, tasks using the [Druid input source](../ingestion/native-batch-input-source.md) will ignore the provided timestampSpec, and will use the `__time` column of the input datasource. This option is provided for compatibility with ingestion specs written before Druid 0.22.0.|false|

> |`druid.indexer.task.storeEmptyColumns`|Boolean value for whether or not to store empty columns during ingestion. When set to true, Druid stores every column specified in the [`dimensionsSpec`](../ingestion/ingestion-spec.md#dimensionsspec). <br/><br/>If you set `storeEmptyColumns` to false, Druid SQL queries referencing empty columns will fail. If you intend to leave `storeEmptyColumns` disabled, you should either ingest dummy data for empty columns or else not query on empty columns.<br/><br/>This configuration can be overwritten by setting `storeEmptyColumns` in the [task context](../ingestion/tasks.md#context-parameters).|true|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`druid.indexer.task.storeEmptyColumns`|Boolean value for whether or not to store empty columns during ingestion. When set to true, Druid stores every column specified in the [`dimensionsSpec`](../ingestion/ingestion-spec.md#dimensionsspec). <br/><br/>If you set `storeEmptyColumns` to false, Druid SQL queries referencing empty columns will fail. If you intend to leave `storeEmptyColumns` disabled, you should either ingest dummy data for empty columns or else not query on empty columns.<br/><br/>You can overwrite this configuration by setting `storeEmptyColumns` in the [task context](../ingestion/tasks.md#context-parameters).|true|
```
